c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.g.resources
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\bin\Debug\pokerGame.exe.config
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\bin\Debug\pokerGame.exe
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\bin\Debug\pokerGame.pdb
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.exe
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.pdb
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\Views\pokerView.baml
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\Views\pokerView.g.cs
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\tweety\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pokerGame\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\bin\Debug\pokerGame.exe.config
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.exe
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.pdb
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\bin\Debug\pokerGame.exe
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\bin\Debug\pokerGame.pdb
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\Views\pokerView.baml
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\Views\pokerView.g.cs
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.g.resources
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Tweety\Documents\GitHub\CardGames\pokerGame\obj\Debug\pokerGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
